that I could recognize the voice of the Almighty God.
There is no song going about, and that notion is this, that it is only pastors that God speak to, that it's only pastors that God speak to, that God don't speak to, but us.
But I stand to be corrected that that's particular
He said, man, it's turning wrong.
A lot of pastors use this method to hold down their members, to make them dependant on them, to make them that they don't do anything.
Say, before you do anything, you must...
I only knew every pastor.
I mean, they see root.
I'm sorry.
Everybody can hear from God.
Not only pastors.
Everybody.
But now, because of this, God is always speaking to us.
But are we hearing?
I would recognize in his voice, do we realize when he is speaking to us?
So today, God will open our ears.
God will open our eyes to recognize his voice.
Shout, Alleluia.
Quickly, let's go to Job 33.
14 to 18.
For God's picket wants.
Yeah, twice.
Yes, man, percivate it not.
Yes, man, not understand.
God is speaking.
Man, I'm not understanding what God is saying to them.
Shout, hallelujah.
Now, let's go look at some ways that God speaks to man.
Some ways that God speaks to man.
And he fell to the earth, and had a voice saying unto him, So, so, why best could they die me?
And he said, Who are thy laws?
And the law said, I am Jesus, whom thy best couldest?
Amen.
So I was going about best coulding sea crystals.
Suddenly,
And voice appear on his way to God, basically he said, and voice appear.
And then soul, soul.
Why are that persecuting me?
That voice was loud and clear.
So number one way is that God speak to man or devil.
Cloud loud and clear or devil.
Number two, where is God speak to man?
Psalms chapter 89, 19.
Then that's because in vision to die.
Then that's because.
In what?
In vision.
So God can speak to you through vision.
God can communicate to you through vision.
Number three.
Another way that God speak to man.
Okay, let's let go to the job.
I want to get something.
Good job, that job, that's right.
14 to 18.
Uh-huh.
Forgo speak at once.
Yes, twice.
Yes, man, percivat, not.
In a dream.
In a vision of the night.
When deep sleep followed upon man.
When man is sleeping on his bed.
In slumbrings.
In slumbrum on the bed.
Then he opened the ears of man.
And sealed their instructions.
That he may withdraw man from his purpose.
You withdraw man from his purpose.
And hide pride from man.
Amen.
In a vision.
In a vision of the night.
When this slips full of command.
Then he passes information to the man.
Now go to Machu chapter one.
19 to 21.
Now listen.
Then Joseph, her husband, been a just man and went and not went.
When Joseph found out that maybe was pregnant, he said, how can I marry a wife?
I never touch her.
She's pregnant.
No.
I'm going to send her away.
But I will do it discreetly.
I will do it openly so that she will not be this grace.
Listen.
Not willing to make a public example.
Not to make a public example, a public ship, eh?
Was minded to put her away privately.
Privately, eh?
But why he taught on distance?
Why he was taken up by distance?
Behold, the angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream.
In a dream?
An angel of the Lord appeared unto him in a dream, eh?
Say it.
Joseph.
Thy son of David.
Eh?
Fear not.
until he married a wife.
For that which is conceived in her is of the Holy Ghost.
Amen.
Then go past information.
Just say don't drive away your wife.
Don't drive away.
Because what she is carrying is the Messiah.
So number three way God's communicator man is true dream.
True dream.
Shout, Alleluia.
God can't against the man through dreams.
Number four, through angels.
Through angels.
When Harold wanted to kill Jesus, he told it to be wise man.
If you can't see the law, if you find out where Jesus is born, come back.
So like me, I'll carry my gift.
I can't give to Jesus.
Angel, I can't say,
Stay wise man, don't go there.
This man wants to cut off the head of Jesus.
God can use anger to pass message information to you.
Number five.
Where is God coming to get the man?
Second, Timo, teach you how to trade versus thing.
Our scripture is given by inspiration.
Our scriptures are given by inspiration of God.
And it's profitable for doctrine.
For the proof.
For correction.
For instruction in righteousness.
Instruction in righteousness.
So all the scriptures.
God communicates through His scriptures.
Through His Word.
Through the Bible.
God communicates through His Word.
Through the scriptures.
Through the Bible.
Have you ever been a Christian that you are so depressed?
You need to hear what from God.
Suddenly you open your Bible.
and you read and suddenly a word just pop out.
I've never seen it before.
That is God communicating to you.
Different ways, God communicate to man.
Your conscience is done in beauty, thin inside of you.
Everybody have conscience.
There are some people that have killed their own conscience.
Some people that conscience is dead.
Shout out to you, Luja.
Everybody, everybody go crazy.
He put conscience.
That conscience is what is speaking to you.
This thing you want to do is bad.
But still, you won't go ahead and do it.
This is what you do is bad.
But still, you go ahead to do it.
Conscious.
Because whenever you want to do something even, your conscience will break you.
This thing you want to do is bad.
May God bless you.
So number seven, we are going to make it to man through your conscience.
Number eight, go to make it to man.
First King chapter 19, 11 and 12.
And he said, go forth and stand upon the mountains before the Lord.
And behold, the Lord pass by and the great and strong wind rent the mountains and break in the pieces
and break in pieces the rocks before the Lord.
But the Lord was not in the wind.
And after the wind, an ettpec.
But the Lord was not in the ettpec.
And after the ettpec, a fire.
But the Lord was not in the fire.
And after the fire, a still small voice.
A still small voice.
Shout Alleluia.
Different ways that God can make it to man.
But then in the heart.
pointing in the heart.
God can put a body in your heart to do a particular thing in the church.
But if you ignore that body, God will remove that body and give it to another person.
Anytime God wants to promote somebody, he puts a body in your heart to do something for you.
If you leave that body, you refuse to attend to that body, God will carry that body and give it to another person.
Whenever God wants to promote you, you put your body in your heart.
Hey.
These people are in the back.
They don't see the television.
Let me put the television.
Oh, the fan.
He is removable.
Let me buy fan.
He puts a body.
Oh, a little.
This wonderful free school free restaurant.
A little so interesting.
You don't know it's God that is putting that body in your heart to do that.
So that it can move you to a next level.
Look at it.
The free restaurant, people just go there and eat with that pain.
It causes so much.
But we just give God all the glory.
Because as we are doing that, God is blessing the churchmen.
Look at the free school, opportunity for people can not attend private schools.
Quality private schools, they are giving opportunity.
with free books and bodies.
I need to, this work that is going on here, I need to tap into it.
That's body that is coming, it is God that is putting my body in heart for you to throw into it.
Oh, look at the man of God.
He has been building half of people.
This man is the son of God.
He has been building for the last privilege, but he has not built his own house.
Let me, you know, show into this, it's own for you to have the house for a pastor.
It's good that it's putting that body in your heart.
It is not my, it is good.
When you put that body in your heart to do it, and you...
I will not... Let me leave it.
God will move it from you and give it to another person.
And the body gives it, it will be that method to promote that person.
May you never forsake anybody in your heart in Jesus' name.
Amen.
Now, facts about the first of God.
Facts about the voice of God.
Number one, there are three voices always speaking to man.
There are three voices always speaking to man.
Your personality, your own voice, your flesh.
Your flesh telling you, I cannot fast.
If I fast, I will get awesome.
If your flesh telling you, don't commit dancing, don't commit dancing.
Your flesh telling you, this is what you need to do.
That is number one.
The second voice always becomes a certain voice.
Confusing you, drilling you.
To go against God.
To offend God.
So there are voices that are always telling you.
Three voices.
Voice of God.
Your own personality.
The satanic voice telling you to do it.
Don't worry.
God is not there.
We can't go.
Do it.
Come in as in.
And the voice of God telling you, don't do it.
Don't do it.
Shout, Alleluia.
Fats about the voice of God, number two.
Number one is three voice, I always begin to ask, voice of man, voice of devil and voice of God.
So number two, fats about the voice of God.
The most successful people do more listening to God than complaining.
You're most successful with two more listings to go down complaining.
You're always complaining about the economy.
You're complaining about PDP, ACN, APCP, and you're complaining about everything.
You're complaining about the road, you're complaining about the history of you to pray.
As long as I say, why worry?
When you can pray, you complain about your wife.
You complain about your husband.
You complain about your children.
You complain about nappa.
You complain about the road.
You complain, complain, complain.
What are you complaining about?
Most successful do more listening to God.
More praying than complaining.
Shout out, Elia.
I don't think any husband likes anywhere that knocks, that complies.
If you see a woman that's always
Complaining.
I will show you a man that is always always not in the house.
I'm telling you, once you're a wife that always always complaining, your husband will not be coming to home.
He'll come up around the 11th whenever they're not sleeping.
Then he will tip tall like a thief for your own house.
I know I'm with my wife, making them complain.
You're coming, call like that.
4M, you know, come on, take it.
Shout Alleluia.
Important facts about hearing from God.
The facts that you are not hearing from God does not mean that God is not talking.
You will be missing out what he is saying.
The facts that you are not hearing, the voice of God, does not mean that God is not speaking.
You may be missing out what he is saying.
God is always speaking.
But are you hearing?
Are you listening?
Number four.
Fats about the voice of God.
God communicate in different ways.
The way he would speak to John, he'd run the way he would speak to Mary.
The way he speak to, he speaks in different ways.
So, guys, even use donkey, donkey to speak.
can speak to you in different forms.
You don't have any one method to speak.
He speaks in different ways.
Shout, Alleluia.
First, about the voice of God.
Number five.
God does not speak to your brain.
He speaks to your spirit.
Now, look at this scenario.
Wall of Jericho.
is blocking the chin of his right to enter.
All they need to do is to come get Hama and Chishol.
Break the wall and enter.
But look at it.
They get to go around.
They get to sing.
Praise God.
Round 37 times.
After, say, seven times.
There's very shout and the wall collapse.
It logical.
Does it make sense?
It doesn't make sense.
that somebody will just be going around.
Then world collapse.
That's, people are coming to fight you, suddenly it's a dead person, God, present God.
Suddenly the people, now what to fight you, suddenly fighting excess and killing excess, illogical, very, very illogical.
God does not speak to your brain, he speaks to your spirits.
Sometimes he looks so foolish, he looks all realistic,
How can somebody not meet somebody?
Joseph never met Mary.
Mary became pregnant.
It's logical.
Never logical.
How can somebody, your falsehood, your salary, your false salary, you got since you are working, you cannot go and give to God.
It looks foolish.
People say, come what are you doing?
Are you mad?
Amen?
But don't know what you are saying, is it?
In the sight of God, it looks wise.
How can somebody's blind?
You post it on the ground.
Pwah, mix this up.
Can I offer the best I have?
The best I've ever seen.
It's purely illogica.
Some things, ghost things, those
Doesn't look the way it seems.
It's great wisdom.
Look at that.
10% of your income.
Is that income you bring a 10%?
Can't give to God.
Your life is in God.
Why is it in God?
Why you give it?
Believe it.
Fit.
It's something I said hopeful.
Something you hope for, something you've not seen.
But you believe is there.
Shout out to Eluia.
You are in your heart, praying.
Father in the mighty name of Jesus.
Father, thank you for this.
You are not saying the person you are talking to.
Somebody passing.
I see somebody praying.
You look at us and madman.
Who is he praying talking to?
Look at us.
He says he is my normal mother.
God does not speak.
Okay, look at this.
Somebody is sick.
I came to it here.
As I take, I bless water, give up, indrid, receive healing.
Water, illogical.
Somebody have also said, go on, do fasten.
Ah, you want to kill the peasant?
And the peasant, free gene, also, and also disappeared.
Free gene, fasten, also disappeared.
Shout to Elia.
Fats about DNA from God.
Number one, six.
Be careful.
what you listen to.
If you like listening to gossip, you know you're from God.
You love gossip.
You love to listen to worldly music.
All your, all your, all your songs.
These are all you have these worldly songs.
You have these songs.
How do you want God to speak to you?
When all your songs is
If you say, Mommy, what's that?
Make you know, tell me, how can God, even angel, God say angel, come on, talk to this man, and angel, reach your room, watch the day.
If you say, Mommy, listen, Mommy, listen.
You listen to all these songs.
You listen to gospel music.
all your collection and worldly songs God cannot speak to you because your ear is dead your ear is polluted fast about the voice of God Leviticus chapter 20 verse 6 I will set my face against the person which person will God say this again I will set my face against that person who turns to medium and spiritual to
Prostitute in self by following them.
I will cut them off from these people.
So number seven, fast by ever God is God cannot speak to you through familiar spirits.
God cannot speak to you through familiar spirits.
This is what is going on now.
They will say, come,
Pure magic!
Those spirits who enter into this space are black.
I cancel it in the name of Jesus.
Spirit enter in.
Who did it?
Who are you?
I am your grandmother in a village.
Why are you all in?
I am holding her because this is heavy, high of autism.
Familiar spirits is
Purely, familiar spirits.
And God said, I will cut you off if you go to such trouble.
God said, I will cut you off.
Familiar spirits.
The entire, the video speak.
Who are you?
Why you troubling her?
I am troubling her because she's getting lonely.
Familiar spirits.
But if you go to such places, you got off!
Worldwide presents a special night vigil titled Marriage With Speed.
Are you 30 and above and not married?
Are people laughing at you that you are too old to get married?
Do you need money to marry?
Are you tired of married disappointments?
Is there a curse of no marriage in your father's compound today?
Dr. Jesus has remembered you in a special one-night deliverance titled Marriage With Speed.
Date Friday 14th February.
I have stayed for a long time with that job.
What I did was, I resorted to nobody knows about the project, then I was staying with my young brother.
I resorted to frying granards, selling them on the street.
From there, I graduated to selling off recharge cards.
Hey boy!
Then, one day, my friends came to our house.
We are like, let's try this for a bit.
By then, I've submitted my applications, so many industries.
No one calls me.
If they will care, I have received their call.
They say, you love me, so call I said yes.
They say, come to the social industry.
Even when I said money, I called that man.
Even before coming to a funeral, I called him and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw him, and I saw
You know, at times comes in a woman's line, they will not ask you whose daughter are you, they will ask you whose wife are you, and to their doctor Jesus, as you remember, I am here to get her while they come.
Where we belong
There is no sorrow, there's no... Omega Power Ministries O.P.M.
Worldwide presents a special night vigil titled marriage with speed.
Are you 30 and above and not married?
Are people laughing at you that you're too old to get married?
Do you need money to marry?
Are you tired of married disappointments?
Is there a curse of no marriage in your father's compound today?
Dr. Jesus has remembered you in a special one-back deliverance
titled marriage with speed date finally 14th February 2014 time 8 p.m. till dawn it's a night vigil venue opm headquarters number one opm close of new arpegg rolled Elio's support harkett river state Nigeria opm your story must change
Are you Lord?
Or creation call you God?